these are delicious have you ever
thought about starting a baking business
no i've never thought about that
is it me or the gals never happy not
when the gals are only making 56
so you won't be happy till you make 100
of what men make yes
don't forget to smile what smile with
teeth
you want to practice mr schlafly ran for
the congress twice in the state of
illinois that's right and lost
both times uh she thanked all the people
who voted for her and her husband
thanked all the people who did not vote
for her
right mark yeah do you know what i had
to do to get my commission funded
i had to let more than a dozen
congressmen put a hand
on my arm my hip my backside
more than a dozen demanded to see my
pretty smile before they agreed to
sign on well your wife has a very strong
and
dominant kind of style she wear the
pants in your family oh
no she doesn't uh i'm obviously
physically larger than she is yeah well
he chins himself 25 times every morning
and uh she's very uh submissive
submissive oh wonder woman's my idol but
you know she's not a real person she's
better than a real person she's a
superhero
and she's got great legs we're going
with this cover oh i see
you want to be the only one around here
with great lakes
i gave gloria her first byland
assignment because i started standing
outside my office one day and i thought
she had great legs
they don't want their number two to have
a mouthy pro-choice feminist for a wife
they didn't say mouthy he said outspoken
but i told them i don't control my wife
so there
i just wish she'd said she's not
outspoken she's the normal amount of
spoken she speaks about as much as any
man
now our superiority in nerves does not
compensate for the russian superiority
in icbms ss9s hey listen
could you take notes for us you know so
that we have an unofficial record
well you probably have the best
penmanship of anyone here
oh yes of course a margaret can grab you
a pad
under the era the poor girls would have
to support the family fifty percent
but for now
excuse me i'm used to suffering for the
cause
it's one thing not to be able to control
yourself but your secretary
you know the best way to show your
secretary up put a muzzle on her no
dump her in the potomac no no no stick
in their mouth
i have raised six children they're
almost all grown
you are too old
who applies to law school at 50. you
can't stop me from going
who's going to pay for it you both
have some opinionated wives but
seriously let's bring the fellas in on
this
and have them get a word in
[Music]